c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.exe.config
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.exe
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.pdb
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.Form1.resources
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.exe
c:\users\ruggedone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.pdb
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.exe.config
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.exe
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.pdb
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.exe
C:\Users\RuggedOne\Documents\Exercícios\Wpf - Webcam\WindowsFormsApp1\WindowsFormsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp1.pdb
